Finish what you just had to do
Mr. Qian
Please
Miss Shanwang
It's all my fault
Please don't take it to heart.
When I get back, I will definitely break this rebel's leg
Dad, help me
Dad?
If you have anything to say, please tell Mr. Ye.
Yes yes yes Mr. Ye
I believe you will not tell us
A blind little character
general consideration
Qian Yue deserves it
Let him suffer
Know what it means to have someone outside the world
Oh, right.
You see, this is the master card of Money Villa.
Our in-laws are at fault
Our in-laws are sorry for you.
For good faith
I especially give you this Money Villa as a gift.
As an apology
From Now On
Money Villa is your private property
You are smart and sensible
Bring your son. Okay.
Thank you Mr. Yi
Priceless Money Villa
How did it become Ye Feng's personal property?
Ye Feng, I was wrong.
He lied to me the month before last.
Ah no husband, you still love me, right?
Forgive me. Forgive me.
At this moment, the internal situation of the Shangguan family is complicated
The birthday banquet the day after tomorrow must be very dangerous
There is no reason to hide behind a woman
Don't worry, I'll be there for the birthday party the day after tomorrow.